Java: migration guide (#2600)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/java/migration.mdx

---
title: Migration Guide
sidebar_order: 1000

> ---

Reviewer: Adding this to the frontmatter ensure that there's a description for <PageGrid /> lists
```suggestion
description: "Learn about migrating from io.sentry:sentry 1.x t io.sentry:sentry 3.x."
---
```

## Migrating from `io.sentry:sentry` `1.x` to `io.sentrt:sentry` `3.x`

> We've updated the API to follow the [Unified API](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/unified-api/) more closely. It's a completely new code base, that was written to support a new Android SDK.

Reviewer: Revise to make this more evergreen (so it's as true in six months as now):
```suggestion
Our update to the API follows the [Unified API](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/unified-api/) more closely. It's a completely updated code base, written to support our Android SDK.
```

### API Changes

**Set tag**

> _Old_:

Reviewer: Entirely your choice, but this may age better if it's (I'll suggest here; it should be modified throughout the file)
```suggestion
_Previous_:
```

```java
Sentry.getContext().addTag("tagName", "tagValue");
```

> _New_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Updated_:
```
